Come back, Se-ah! Se-ah!
I'm right here. Come back.
Stop it, Na-ri!
If Se-ah doesn't make it,
I'm gonna kill you myself!
Se-ah!
Hey!
HA-YOUNG
Geon-woo. It's Ha-joon's sister.
I'm sending you my location.
Bring Se-ah here now!
Geon-woo, no.
-Se-ah. Se-ah!
-You can't.
Don't listen to her.
-It's not real.
-Geon-woo, are you there?
It's all bogus. Just like before.
Hang up.
I'll float a lantern up over the
compound but you need to get moving.
That's not Haetsal. You can't listen.
Turn it off.
You need to do as I say!
It's the demon.
Se-ah's life is in your hands!
You have to trust me.
You need to bring Se-ah
here now! This is real!
IF WISHES COULD KILL
Se-ah.
Yo, Se-ah.
She's awake!
Are you okay?
Oh, thank God.
Get away! Why'd you let her in here?
I'm so sorry I upset you.
I guess it'll take a while
to forgive everything I did.
Se-ah.
Do you remember anything?
After the warehouse?
You know we all came back, right?
So… what do you remember?
Or where does it go blank?
We got rid of the evil spirits,
so you can tell us. Their power's gone.
There's a sort of gym?
-With Coach?
-No.
It's more of a storage thing.
Lockers?
There's a window.
The warehouse where Hye-ryung
did her video?
I'm sorry.
I know that I started it
and put you through hell,
and I… I know it's no excuse,
but I wasn't in control of my own actions.
Please forgive me, Se-ah.
What happened to the phone?
We found the red phone. Where is it?
We were supposed to bring the phone
to Haetsal to get rid of the curse!
Ha-joon! Did Bangwool get to the hospital?
I remember he put himself
in front of that pole.
-And it was really, really bad.
-Se-ah! Se-ah!
-It's over.
-Huh?
You got rid of the curse.
I'll show you.
The whole app is gone.
The timers all disappeared.
Se-ah.
-You were at my sister's compound.
-What?
Girigo's not on anybody's phone.
Including yours.
Really? What?
Oh.
So we're
really done with all this?
Mm-hmm.
Have I been pushing you away a lot?
More or less for a while, yeah.
I'm sorry,
Na-ri.
Yeah, me too.
I guess I deserved it.
I just wish everything could go back
to the way it was.
Guys. Who's got the next birthday?
-Se-ah.
Huh.
Must be nice, Se-ah.
I bet neither of you knows mine.
It's sometime later this year?
-Wow!
-I don't know Ha-joon's either.
Let's make a pact to forget his, okay?
-When is it?
-Too late. You're not invited.
MULTIMEDIA ROOM
ASBESTOS REMOVAL
KEEP OUT
Se-ah, what's wrong?
The bars that were on here.
The work got done. They removed 'em.
They finished construction.
Did you forget that too?
The project they put on hold
before we started here
is magically complete?
I don't believe it.
Hey! Is she okay?
Se-ah?
You need to bring Se-ah here now!
This is real!
Geon-woo.
I told you…
…that you can't listen to her!
Okay, I believe you.
Se-ah.
Sorry, sir, we'll get off here.
So you're the one
who ran away from the curse.
Track star.
Na-ri, stop. I know this isn't you.
You made a wish and it came true,
so now you die.
Those are the rules.
Hang on.
I'll float a lantern up over the compound,
but you need to get moving.
Se-ah. Hold on for me.
I'm gonna find her. Huh?
I got you.
1 MINUTE, 50 M
BAEKUN-RO, SEORIN-SI
Let's go.
DESTINATION
Oh!
Where's the compound? Come on.
Oh shit.
Geon-woo.
Just let yourself fall.
You're not gonna save her.
The rules say she has to die.
She's not dying! Fuck you.
Fuck your rules!
She's not dying out here.
She's not dying!
Se-ah, you saved my life.
I'm gonna get you out of this, I promise.
We're gonna beat
this stupid curse together, okay?
Hold on. We're almost there.
Se-ah.
You have to save…
She has to live.
Please, save her.
I'm begging you.
Cheonjiwang's bow and arrow
ordered the universe.
Then Chilseong proclaimed
that between the heavens and earth,
no evil spirits may torment humans.
Why?
That means
the maehyung is still out there.
Haetsal!
I'm sorry.
I failed.
I used one of my arrows to destroy
the phone, but it didn't kill the curse.
So, what do we have to do now?
I've never faced
anything like this before so I'm not sure.
All I know is the longer we stay here,
the more danger we're in.
I think our only option
is to make a new door.
Look!
It's her.
Hye-ryung.
Did Do Hye-ryung get free of the curse?
The girl pointed
to someone who was behind me.
Why would ghosts
go out of their way to come here?
The multimedia room.
She's telling us it wasn't her.
She's not the one who made Girigo.
It was Kwon Si-won's idea.
If Si-won is the one
who called the demon spirits,
we have to get hold of the maehyung
she made to start all this.
We need to find where she made her wish,
but I have to leave
to get what we need to beat her.
You're gonna leave me here by myself?
Right now, we're no match
for Si-won in this space.
I need to go back and create a deolmi,
or we don't stand a chance.
I think Hye-ryung is trying to show you
where to find the red phone Si-won used.
You need to go back in there,
and this time'll be it.
This will offer you protection
until I get back.
As long as it covers your face, they can't
detect you. I'm counting on you.
Kwon Si-won!
Si-won!
What are you doing over there?
Hye-ryung?
Let's go.
How…
Where are you?
She was pointing in here.
Where else could it be?
Let's go hang out and catch up, okay?
Where?
We're ghosts.
We can go wherever we want.
Not if we're bound to our wishes.
Stay here then.
By the way…
Yeah?
Se-ah.
That incense smell on you.
It's not from my mom's house.
Na-ri.
Is it really you in there?
How come you're doing this?
Eye for an eye.
You think I forgot?
How you guys
tried to take me out
without a second thought?
No, Na-ri. It… it wasn't like that.
You made it so we had no choice.
Geon-woo had to--
Stop!
Na-ri. Listen.
You had no choice?
Sure. Always your lame excuse.
Pretending you had no choice
so you could look like the good girl
who protects everyone.
You say we're your best friends,
but you keep lying to us.
You knew I had a massive crush on Geon-woo
and you went behind my back.
And then you lied
about not being together.
Was that fun for you?
Me and him…
We only liked each other as friends.
I was gonna tell you when we--
Liar!
Enough of your "I was gonna" bullshit.
Backstabbing bitch.
Caught ya.
Running around my space like you own it.
Just die!
Agh!
Na-ri, we can fix this!
You didn't know what you were doing.
Hyeong-wook, Geon-woo, you.
You didn't mean for anyone to die.
It was a mistake!
It's the app that took over.
I do…
want all of you dead.
Hyeong-wook started it.
It's not fair.
If that loser hadn't told me it existed,
I never even
would have made a wish on Girigo,
and I wouldn't be so fucking miserable!
What did you say? It's not fair?
FEBRUARY 1, 2005
KWON SI-WON
Kwon Si-won.
Si-won?
I think enough people have suffered.
You're getting your wish.
So go away!
It isn't the arrow.
I became a deolmi,
since nothing else would be enough.
And the more my blood soaks in the thread,
the more I control you.
GIRIGO
MAKE A WISH
Finally.
Haetsal!
GIRIGO
MAKE A WISH
Se-ah!
Se-ah?
Did we
end the curse?
Yes.
It's over. The curse is gone.
Goddamn.
They really mean it
when they say apps are hard to get rid of.
You made it. Today,
we're wrapping up a really tough semester.
We've been through a lot of hardships
together, haven't we?
Many no one could have imagined.
And I know it weighs heavily
on all of you.
As it does on me.
Some of you lost some very close friends.
That is a pain that only time can heal…
Promise.
Hyeong-wook,
go in harmony.
May you find peace in the place
where there is no troubles and no sorrows.
Go content and joyous.
Girigo? Why's it still on your phone?
Are you scared you'll forget Hyeong-wook
if you delete it?
Mm-hmm.
And because of the guilt.
Na-ri would still be with us
if only I'd been strong enough.
Don't. You were incredibly brave.
You did everything you could.
GIRIGO
WOULD YOU LIKE TO DELETE THIS APP?
GIRIGO HAS BEEN DELETED
So as I get to the door,
I feel a piercing "thunk,"
and I can't move anymore.
Pinned me to the car.
I am in this half-standing, half-sitting
position, and blood is everywhere,
and I'm trying not to pass out
'cause it went right through me.
So I'm thinking,
"Wow, this is how I'm gonna die?"
And then I start to feel much lighter.
And I'm
holding on to an envoy from the underworld
crossing the Samdocheon.
And I'm nearly to the other side
when this piercing, desperate voice calls.
"Bangwool! Brother-in-law!"
I mean, he's just bawling. It was so loud,
the whole underworld could hear it!
What? I didn't cry!
Please don't die.
Right. You were just cutting onions.
Sure.
I came back so I could tell Haetsal
her brother finally caved.
And to give her the gift I picked up.
I saw Hyeong-wook at the ceremony,
by the way. Looking very happy.
That's not the only thing I saw.
I saw the power that resides in you.
The way it moves and flows.
What?
Wait. You're talking about
what you told me at the hospital?
-About being able to see spirits?
-Mm.
Haetsal.
Uh…
My new power survived the curse.
I think I have a way
for you to leave the compound.
WHY DO YOU THINK CHOI HYEONG-WOOK DIED?
WELL… I'LL TELL YOU
ONCE YOU BRING ME THE PHONE. LOL
DID YOU FIND IT?
I FOUND IT! IT REALLY WAS STILL THERE!
050201 IS TYPING…
SEE? WHAT DID I TELL YOU? LOL
GIRIGO